was to be made available for familiar work, work of those committees, and for no other
purpose.
Her body is not in a fairly dischanged, satisfactory, instructional ideas for general law.
Did you know the private shines as the long weekend walk just by a Christmas?
I've heard that since the beginning of the party evening and evening and Sunday night at this time, just around about 5pm, if you don't know the prior
time, I would try and have the long weekend of the year to come and give it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, Pat.
I think it's very important for you to fight for it.
Yes, I've had a great important point about it.
One I made before, I made the point, but council officials not testify to fight for their dispute.
I've been trying to make sure that it's not an incident.
When council, I mean, you know, council employees.
I know it's been a burden, I know the pressure council is on this.
But when council officials, did you know, did you learn certain facts, were ignorant?
That means that using a right thing, they were ignorant.
Now, the only thing the secretary could have learned was the charges up to a right to a man.
I did it to part of order.
I was perhaps in there and leaving out the word allegedly.
I would try to inform that here.
When you've learned on this, I'm going to try to challenge allegedly to not kick off the long weekend during the Thanksgiving series.
I learned that, my dear.
I hope you will learn not if the leaders before take the highest of personnel will take off the weekend of Thanksgiving.
And with remain on duty, the weekend of Christmas and the other high will take off with remain on duty during the Thanksgiving weekend and take off during Christmas.
Is that a knock attack?
I don't know, sir, I couldn't testify on that.
Do you know whether or not, tragic shine, and I don't assume that it is a reason that you know that he took the long weekend of holiday?
I heard later that he was off.
Mr. Secretary, I would like to do whether or not General Ryan, who is recommending also a four-fix as we understand it.
Committee, you might go over otherwise from time to time with reference to private chat.
I don't think he did, no sir.
You know, he's a committee chief of the Seattle.
He did?
You were going far and far and far, that's all.
I know that I heard that General Ryan was having difficulty with the case of private chat.
I didn't hear any of the details that have been referred to here this morning, Mr. Duncan.
He's no longer enough.
Mr. Adams, by the way of the case with the committee, counter-run the signals of General Ryan.
And we'll let the General Ryan to permit this special treatment for private chat.
No sir, I don't know that.
We'll be involved with Mr. Adams.
Mr. General Ryan, to permit these parties, these weekend.
I'm so worried.
No sir, I don't.
For what?
When a person is being filed by a dear, no more?
No, I don't.
Mr. Adams, you're looking for a committee chief of the committee.
Mr. Adams, here you go.
Mr. Adams, tell me, from time to time that he has talked with General Ryan, or one of the staff down there, just but...
I have a very limited knowledge of these things that you're talking about until a long time after they happen.
Mr. Secretary, these special distance relations for China, if they were any of the important things to do in the other place, will they not have parted in?
For the purpose of the TSU, the commission of the county, and the unit came to this very meeting from the federal investigation of the human location of the rich department.
Absolutely and completely not.
My instruction was that private China was to be made available for committee work, and for committee work along, provided it did not interfere with this claim.
That was as a sample, instruction, the capital to carry out, and it would have absolutely nothing to do with.
I think it's not anything else in connection with this committee except to make it available for committee work, just for committee needed.
Mr. Steven, you have to decide that it looks to the burden of the state, and it will be for two-hour hours with the full amount of on-off to the 20th.
Mr. Steven, is that correct? Yes, sir?
I need to let these people know that the whole situation by officers and other personnel are full days on after the plane.
That's correct, Mr. Steven.
Yes, sir?
I need to let all of them know that statement you made in the presence of some 20-odd men to Mr. Steven, called on my attention.
What he is concerned with is the policy or not.
That I have to be especially missected.
The police can make the border or not on October 21st.
The day I do the good monmer of use of it, in which Mr. Coles' name is being directed.
When they're not on the CCTV, they are October 21st.
You call David Shion, for any purpose.
My recollection is, he called me.
Where were you when he called?
In my office.
30, Shion.
I don't know where he was, but take this to New York.
Watch this.
Watch this, he called me to get all of his information.
I can't recall all the details of everything I've been talking about.
Coming up, I found that the pilot that's David Shion was not happy about his work coming in the direction.
And when he was in the direction of David Shion, what he called me was what he called me.
I recollection first clearly, he called me.
I found a certain amount.
You're not very interested in that, sir.
And it is.
The pilot's doing his job.
Who was not ready to be armed with all this?
You're saying, how are you doing with the subject?
I mean, the high-speed and low-speed, the armed.
But you're not ready, I'm not going to find further.
The pilot, as you were saying, he was not happy over his perfect obedience.
That is it. That's what you're saying with the subject?
I'm not sure about some, but I'm not sure.
For you, that most of you.
That's the pilot.
A pilot is still.
I do, but you're not ready.
From Mr. Jenkins, I was the highest officer in the army.
And take up your valuable time.
And since you're not ready, you're not the first reason you can buy me this.
You're not ready to leave this place.
That's my recollection.
Oh, I wish to you that the week is right on 14th of October when I was in New York.
But I have quite a discussion with David Shine, riding down town with him and his car.
And that I have attempted to say this to get over today.
The opportunity that was really here to come in at the time, me and so do you, David.
And this is all here. This call, a list call, and shine to you in New York, sitting on my foot a couple of hours.
That you think you're nothing but take it on on November 6th.
That's great at that time.
And as I was calling the 30th statement, I was immediately.
But you do not know anymore, not now, for this coming.
Whether or not on November 6th, you think you should have as one of you.
I was living in the place.
I think the arrangements were made by members of my staff.
I cannot testify on exactly who was invited.
What's that news at the time of my father here?
Mr. Cohen, we're coming and nothing.
I knew him, Mr. Carl is coming.
Now, where is Dave Shine?
I only have a member of the staff.
My name is Dave and I don't actually know at this time.
The lady says, you need to start a little cheer on November 6th.
There is a patient chair at the table.
I just keep going.
I don't think you like the shine of the lady with me.
But you don't like the smell of the lady.
I don't think that's the call I make and share.
But that is the reason for the call.
I don't think you like the shine of the lady.
I don't recall.
I did not recall having made any best statement.
Well, I think you first have a recollection about it.
I just write a letter.
I did not.
But I cannot part of the statement.
I don't want to request to this committee.
And I, I think Mr. Secretary, to read this in the letter,
to report in word about the reason before I begin,
by holding my final 40th generation of the Secretary.
Secretary, I need you to write this.
I'm going to write this.
I'm going to put it on the table.
We all have office of that.
I have one there, moment of order.
I've not just been provided for members of the committee.
I know that he didn't provide the chair.
We all have a moment of question.
I will ask this committee.
There is just one copy.
Make sure five is informed by the Secretary of the Committee
that there is only one large-scale chair available.
No, you.
I'm not going to comment on it.
But there is one more chair available.
They are available.
We have a meeting.
I'm going to put it on the table.
I don't know.
I don't think so.
You know, is there an office of our chair?
You have a standing.
That is the meeting.
The governor in view of the circumstances under this 48-day
statement was left with the...
of the USA's pages.
The authority.
The charge of the public examination of the public.
I would...
I would not say to the imposter.
I only thought it's fair to find out the purpose for which the paper would hand it to.
sorrow.
fit.
I...
I do not know whether or not this witness rather be the officer if possible or not.
I had...
For the first gear I am going so never give a witties.
I have no babysitter on my own.
Would you like work?
No.
Look at that.
Is the sevenon cubed by three.
Now's talking to the one Lovey- shorts and those chairs over there.
Turn them out with the stays fair.
This manager hasfrigged eight point for eight of eight-year wage쓰!!
Up for the ladies to choose a seat by the car.
Get the seat to the seat.
Mr. Allen, with the ladies who can finally move to the time to go out of room.
Give you that.
He had just gone to the front of the seat.
The front of the front of the car and then I had come.
I suppose you'll be all in take.
What's in my bag?
We find out now is not what the seat gives me.
But that is not what it is.
Mr. Allen is especially sweet.
For the ladies to be able to move to the car.
At four times of information to be true about.
20th of the time to move to the second car.
See how it is.
Okay.
May I ask you one other question?
Mr. C. L. P. Sir.
You guys know.
And that is it.
Before we're in our statement.
It's true.
Being in written statement.
All the power will be gathered.
On the river in the middle of the yellow line.
So it will be from 40.
And to the other road from the front committee's tower.
Far along the end type of shines with the impact of the human being.
I hope to the target area of an hour.
And this is the first time that I have 15 years to see me.
In fact, you have the full confidence here to me.
Here's the question, let's go ahead and keep the resource line.
5, 8,8,4, 156,8,4, 156,8,9,
OK, this hand wants to go and slide.
Where's the prize?
4, 156,1848,
454, 151000,
32 Program.
54, 188,
Question run,
hello, the crown doesn't matter.
ヒラ 98.
Shatter.
I can start,
learning about that.
interesting the
direction that he competition
specify at
on
a
way into
pandemic
understandцию
wisdom
hospitals
pretty
I did that I said provided it was in connection with the business of its committee.
Now Mr. Stevens that is all I ask you if the request is a committee to reach your
report.
First I have a dime specifically for the years for the committee and those who will be
to the committee.
If the short report is out with a hundred ahead of four months of case that is not the
responsibility of Senator Jackson.
Prepare by whom I miss that cake.
It is prepared by members of my staff.
I cannot identify them too if you want the information I don't have the right to move
myself.
So after the start of the second decade as I have published the committee 30,000
months and 40 have been suspended since the 19th of all the 19th 33.
I will be very sure you have been suspended by the 30th month power.
The pilot staff of its very small case will give us power to restore the community with
both the children.
Why?
Restores the non-span for the community having further investigation.
Now resign.
3.
Still under suspension.
22.
Are the complicated cases still under suspension?
15 of them.
The first time securing a hearing board.
And these cases have been forwarded for the larger pilot of the hearing board.
So the office of the second hearing board for finalist position.
The two categories are the types of cases we will review due by the security of your board,
namely cases in which available determination was released by the hearing board.
I came into planning hearing board based on unsavable determination and in which the pilot
he has reflected is further reviewed by the security review board.
Whereas hearing board means the unsavable determination and the employee has not been
requested to review by the security review board.
It is here you will be made in the office of the second hearing unit, whether or not
with the steps of recommendation of the hearing board.
Till the name is indicated without a point to your life, children will be heard.
It is an independent case that is first time in security hearing board will expose all
the cases during the next month.
An analysis of the carry-in issue to the employees still under suspension.
Discovers are indicated more than one item of derogatory information was reported.
The allocation may be up to 22 individuals, ranging to barriers, fundraising,
although one of the spendgators has memberships in the Congress parties.
One of those two cases involved was carried in 1930 to 34th floor,
to balance the security regulations and accurately those authorities and managers
indicated multiple pound of legitimacy on the point of majority.
Some of the types of information that is in the portal are set for it to roll.
If a few of them are there, many of these cases, there are a lot of derogatory information
that is far from the unknown and there is information that has not been prepared.
A, has memberships in authorizations, cited by the Attorney General,
has prominent or supported.
The Association of Reconciliation, who has enacted an economist party,
or has been authorizations, cited by the Attorney General,
has been authorizing memberships or affiliations with authorizations,
including for a file which has been required to be 100 nominated for control,
these are self-fulfilling with relevant reporting to be acted in common of the payers.
These, 90% of the nominated recipients or other citizens are considered by the nominee.
Ed, description to the daily wearer of other commoners publications.
It may be a hint to relate the action cited by the timing and the paid file
and cases under the Judgment File Committee.
On the 30th floor, the employees involved, 25 and 38 by the committee,
are 25 with the spend and price periods of the bottom order.
19 of all of us won 29 September, four and a very strong 48 who would not call by the committee
with all of the spend and of 29 September, are so rich 19, that will allow us won 25.
Not to be interviewed to a 48-month employment after timely call before the committee
to announce the Fifth Amendment, will be expected 19 employees who are presented
during the month of October.
The annual rate has derived from the ultimate achievement of every case.
The rate of the implementation towards spending, these 19 cases in common with many of us,
were the part of the real examination as required by 75 hours of federal lawyers,
10,460 of April 20th of a 19 certain three,
and the boys who are involved with the committee and the citizens of these 19 individuals
have been made available to the party.
No significant item of the rightful information,
but the double-sided measure is from now already known to remain active at the party.
In one official case, the committee gives it all up to certain derived information
of a minor measure with the maximum of the early part of the party.
The spending will occur in the afternoon with the date of one improvement
or early development by a part of federal investigation and by the last of that
and the part of the committee is made by the boy who was born in the early 30s.
Because all these cases are the part of the last year chairman,
I have been chairman, which is a part of the final meeting in action
with the New York evidence and regulating the law,
I'm a Richard Ridingan doctor.
We all must take the power of it,
where the rightful information is today to create it out,
to apply some further to the new slide of the family,
or apply some announcement to the work and to try to capture the classified information
until the 30-minute early final will not be identified as an element.
In every case, the effective work has on the effective work of new people.
Through the high-level trial,
by the end of the day, I am the one who is currently in power with power and power.
The end of the day is Mr. Chairman.
And in the caveat, I know that one of my lawyers,
Chairman, I just do it.
I'm not sure about it.
I'm totally unique.
Secretary, Secretary, I'm out for my money, I like it.
I just have this good, I have one of the categories that you run with the secretary,
which you cover, which is a little bit of a spend on the right-wing.
So you can prove that the removal of our class is a secret to me that I have a right.
I'm not sure about it, but I'll tell you on that.
You've new regulations, you've read the information,
you've really been trying to provide it.
I have a message to make obvious statements,
and then you will have a new dollar to read it.
I'll text you out of the text.
You'll have other things with the secretary,
I think you'll have other things with you.
I think you have another copy of the pair now, I'll tell you.
Chairman, I have a charge for sure.
I'll make sure we have something new in the future.
You run in the future.
You'll ask it, I just want to know where an argument is.
I'll tell you that first, for the one of the guys who raised one.
Yes, I'll tell you the removal of a secret material in the red-eyed lab.
Chairman, that property comes up to the handing of close examination
and signs of a highly-well-undoubtedly-allity,
of the G2D-disrupted sub-divisor,
of the Red-O-Saturday Night, just a minute, just a minute,
just a minute, I just want to know what you said.
Did you manage to tie it up to the state of Santa MacArthur?
They both were sanctioned about.
Chairman, did you include the financial office statement?
I think you have to answer yourself.
I think you have to carry the service of the area,
if that's your type,
who now has too many more consultations on their role.
Now, I was supposed to trust the idea of leaving 50,000,
so the waitations of two very terminal.
Thank you.